chore: inclusive language (#2103)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Channel.md

Because `parse: ["users"]` and `users: [123, 124]` are both present, we would throw a validation error.
This is because the conditions cannot be fulfilled simultaneously (they are mutually exclusive).

> The ID list fields act as accepted IDs, and can contain mentions not in the content. These ID's that are not in the
> content will simply be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any entities with an ID included in the list of IDs will be mentioned. Note that IDs of entities not included in the content will have no effect.
```
Perhaps rephrase it to this?

Reviewer 2: I'd honestly prefer to keep the original phrasing of the last part of the sentence and I don't like the `not included in the content` part (content of what?). i.e.:
```suggestion
Any entities with an ID included in the list of IDs will be mentioned. Note that the IDs of entities not present in the message's content will simply be ignored.
```
A bit more clear to me
